# Dynamic L10N choice

Tables of file-statics can no longer hold VALUES. Must hold KEYS.

Function to convert KEY to VALUE at runtime.
    Could lazy-retain pointers to returned VALUES, but that's
    unlikely to be useful. Wait until a profiler says you need it.


To dynamically show EN while client is in DE, I need access to EN values.
    Either all languages are loaded into RAM at all times, or
    we rely on SavedVariables to hold the few languages you care about.

AHA instead of a general purpose "pick your language" what if
    instead you only have TWO choices:
        - client language: ($language).lua
        - EN: en.lua


That's a lot simpler:
    load EN into an EN table
    load ($language), if different, into client table

Then pick between them.

Still requires that I scrape and supply the EN values for all the
    dynamic-load stuff that I currently ask the ESO client for
    at run-time:

    - Motif         "Dark Elf"
    - Set           "Ashen Grip"
    - Trait         "Arcane"
    - Quality       "Epic"
    - itemId name   "Rubedite Axe"
    - Material      "Frost Mirriam"

Then dyno-fetch is
    - if LAM set to client lang, dyno-fetch
    - if LAM set to EN lang, or if dyno-fetch failed, return from en.lua

So everywhere I access a record field for a UI string, I now have to
    use an accessor function that is LAM and SavedVars-savvy.

Where I request a dyno string, I have to wrap that and check LAM settings
    to return EN string if LAM switched to EN.
